{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs22\lang1033 SI 206 W17\par
Put your name here: Daniel Schorin\par
\par
----\par
\par
\b Which option for the final project are you choosing -- 1, 2, or 3?\par
\b0 2\par
\par
\b IF YOU ARE CHOOSING OPTION 3, answer the following questions:\par
\b0\par
\b * Write 1-3 sentences summarizing what the goal of your project is:\par
\b0 For option 2, I will get Data from the Nytimes and the WSJ twitter accounts and compare similar queries between the two data sources. \par
\par
\b * What are your two data sources? Provide links to documentation or websites you will be getting data from.\par
NYTimes and WSJ\par
\b0 https://twitter.com/nytimes\par
https://twitter.com/WSJ\par
https://twitter.com/FoxNews (additional)\par
\b * Why are you proposing this project?\par
\b0 As an avid twitter user, I find the utilization of tweepy API data fascinating. I think this data can be used to analyze vast amounts of social data, the capability of which can be extremely useful and productive for a variety of purposes.  \par
\par
\b * What will the output of this project be? What will it look like, and what information will it contain?\par
\b0 The output of this project will be a database file containing 3 databases, and possibly I may conduct some data analytics using R ( or python data analytics [would need more research into this method]), in an attempt to prove a hypothesis (which I have yet to come up with, it may look at certain vocabulary triggers indicating bias between the three news sources)\b\par

\pard\qr\b0\par

\pard\par
\b * What are your concerns about this proposal?\par
\b0 Using the python functions I am not comfortable with, including map, filter, list and set comprehensions, join queries, and more that I will have yet to discover. I like this project because it will allow me to explore my weaknesses in python while pursuing a project I find fascinating. \par
\par
-----\par
\par
THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS ARE FOR EVERYONE. (Though they may be easier if you are choosing Option 1 or 2, because you can reference the Option 1 or 2 instructions.)\par
\par
\b * What will at least one of the classes you're going to define be called?\par
\b0 twitter_data\par
\par
\par
\b * What will that class take as input to its constructor?\par
\b0 WSJ or nytimes(the WSJ /nytimes twitter handle) \par
\par
\par
\b * What will 1 instance of this class represent?\par
\b0 the Tweepy twitter data from WSJ or nytimes twitter account\par
\par
\par
\b * What are 3 instance variables this class will have? What will they be called, and what information will they hold? Why are they important?\par
\par
WSJ_user_tl \b0 - will contain last 20 tweets from WSJ timeline. Important to see how WSJ will cover a news event in given timespan /tweetspan. \par
\par
\b WSJ_top_retweets \b0 - will hold the most popular WSJ tweets in certain timescape \par
\b WSJ_home_tl \b0 - analyzing the twitter landscape that the WSJ follows (especially in circumstance of specific event, comparing how the wsj twitter surrounds itself with data)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
* Explain 2 methods the class will have that are not the class constructor (__init__ method) by answering the following questions for each. \par
ONE METHOD:\par
\b - What will the name of the method be?\par
\b0 nytimes_data\par
\par
\b - What will the method do?\par
\b0 pull twitter data from nytimes \par
\par
\b - Will it take any additional input? \par
\b0 the nytimes twitter handle \par
\par
\b - Will it return anything? Should it change anything about the instance/an instance variable? \par
\b0 tweepy object containing twitter data, it will not change anything\par
\par
\b - Why is it useful for this class definition, in this program?\par
\b0 Will contain the pertinent twitter information for the nytimes, which will work in tandem with the wsj twitter information (various different types of api requests as defined above) which I will consequently put into databases for comparison reasons.\par
\par
\par
ANOTHER METHOD:\par
\b - What will the name of the method be?\par
\b0 fox_data\par
\par
\b - What will the method do?\par
\b0 pull data from the fox news twitter account\par
\par
\b - Will it take any additional input? \par
\b0 the fox news twitter handle(foxnews)\par
\par
\b - Will it return anything? Should it change anything about the instance/an instance variable? \par
\b0 tweepy object containing the specific api request\par
\par
\b - Why is it useful for this class definition, in this program?\par

\pard\b0 Will contain the pertinent twitter information from Fox news, which will work in tandem with the wsj and nytimes twitter to compare different tweet responses from the sources.\par

\pard\par
\par
[If you definitely want to have a third, feel free to answer those questions a third time, because you'll have to do so eventually. when you write documentation!]\par
\par
\par
\b * What will the tables in your database be?\par
20_event_tweets \b0 - containing the twitter data from the 3 sources from the timing of a specific event\par
\b top_retweets \b0 - containing the top retweeted tweets from each soruce\par
\b home_tl \b0 - containing the twitter timeline of each twitter source, analyzing the types of twitter accounts each twitter follows\par
\b twitter_users \b0 - contain twitter user information for each account\par
\par
\b * What fields will each database table have? Which field of them is the primary key? You should list the fields for each database table here, e.g.\par
Tweets:\par
- text ... \par
(etc.)\par
\b0\par
Each database will contain the twitter id account of the news source's twitter, the tweets, and the timestamp of the tweet, users mentioned, twitter_users will contain information about the accounts favorites, top friendships with other accounts, etc. \par
\par
\par
\b * List, in English, 2 queries you'll want to make from your database. At least one should be a JOIN. You can always change these later, but start with  ideas you're interested in and lessen the work on yourself later on! \par
(e.g. from class examples, maybe "I want to make a query that accesses the numbers of times each user has favorited tweets, and the number of times tweets that user posted have been favorited -- so I'll be joining the Tweets table and the Users table")\par
\b0\par
 - select the top retweets from the fox news twitter inner join with the last 20 tweets from the fox news timeline\par
\par
- select the most favorited user from each account and the friendship with that user to highlight how political connections / endorsements work between accounts ( would need to add another api request to look into "friendship" (API.show_friendship) \par
\par
\par
\par
\b * What are at least 2 of the data processing mechanics you're planning to use? \b0\par
- dictionaries containing top retweets of each account (done using list comprehension) \par
- a counter to find the most popular key words in top retweeted tweets\par
\par
\par
\par
\b * Why will each of those be useful to you? What data might you use it on? \par
(e.g. "Set comprehension: I think I'm going to be looking for unique names and proper nouns in this big set of text, so I'm going to use a set comprehension"). \par
>>>This is especially important if you are doing Option 3, but it's important for everyone!<<<\par
\b0 - the dictionaries will help me sort and rifle through data, such as counting the most popular key words\par
- counting the most popular key words will allow me to look for patterns in twitter rhetoric between each account, among other metrics such as phrases that attract users attentions\par
\par
\par
\par
\b * What will your output look like? Will it be a .txt file? a CSV file? something else? What information will it contain? >>>This is especially important if you are doing Option 3, but it's important for everyone!<<<\b0\par
-output will be a .txt file with the interpreted data \par
\par
\par
}
 